https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vo4JheHy8n7a2Hg5yDaQxdm_AbkhnwebG0NmRW4V36Y/edit?usp=sharing


Untiyal or (U Save) App

An application for saving money.

Create Account:

Sign up for the app using your personal information.

Login:

Access the account with your username and password.

Dashboard:

My app's main screen where you see your savings.

Add Money:

Put your money into your "digital Untiyal" or "U save" .

Withdraw Money:

Take money out of your "digital Untiyal" or "U save".

Savings Goal:

Set a target for how much money you want to save (3months,6months,9months,12months).

Transactions:

A list of all the times you added or withdrew money.

Interest:

Extra money the app gives you for saving.

Notifications:

Messages the app sends to keep you updated.

Security:

Features to protect your account and money.

Settings:

Personalize the app to your preferences.

Help/Support:

Where you can get assistance if you have questions.

Log Out:

Sign out of your account when you're done.

Upgrade:

Unlock more features with a premium subscription.

Sync:

Make sure your savings are up to date on multiple devices.

Currency:

The type of money you're saving (e.g., Rupees, dollars).

Backup:

Keep your savings safe by making a copy.

Share:

Let others see or contribute to your savings goal.

Transaction History:

A record of all your past money movements.

Easy to Start: “Untiyal or (U Save) App” are a simple and accessible way to begin saving money. You can start with small amounts.You can see your savings grow as you add coins or bills, which can be motivating and satisfying.Using a “Untiyal or (U Save) App” can help you develop good saving habits and resist the urge to spend money impulsively.
Unlike some bank accounts, “Untiyal or (U Save) App” don't have fees or minimum balance requirements.“Untiyal or (U Save) App” can serve as a small emergency fund for unexpected expenses.
 “Untiyal or (U Save) App”are a great tool for teaching children about the concept of saving and managing money.Your savings in a “Untiyal or (U Save) App” are private and not easily accessible to others.
